# TECH ASSESSMENT - DARIENT

This is a web app to manipulate data from the company "Tu Credito". 

Currently, all customer registration information and credit application status reports generated by the bank were in physical form, in different folders in the office, but this creates problems for efficient searches of the information requested by the bank and by customers. information requested by the bank and by customers.

This system counts with views to see:
- Clients
- Credits
- Banks

With the clients, a certain number of operations is available:
- Create
- See a list
- See the data of the client
- Update the data of a client
- Eliminate a Client

The Credits and Banks, on the other hand, count with the operations of:
- Create
- See a list
- See the details of the object.


## USAGE

In order to run the project, you must:

0. Install the requirements of the project, in order to do that:
```
pip install -f requirement.txt
```
Remember, you need to be in the root of the project.

1. Clone the repository in your computer.

2. Find root of the project and run the next sequence of commands:
```
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate --run-syncdb
```

3. All ready to go, to run the project:
```
python manage.py runserver
```
This will output the web app to the port 8000, if you want to use another port then run `python manage.py runserver <port>` where <port> is a number, i. e. `python manage.py runserver 8080`.

4. Open the your browser in `http://localhost:8000` to test the app or in `http://localhost:<port>` if you have a different <port>.

## NAVEGATION
The web app consists in a basic group of views that populate the project. The list of views are:
1. Homepage
2. Clients
    - List of Clients
    - Add/Update clients
    - Details of Client
3. Banks
    - List of Banks
    - Add Banks
    - Details of Bank
4. Credits
    - List of Credits
    - Add Credits
    - Details of Credit

All this views count with a navbar in the side of the project in case you want to change the module of the app you're in.

## CONSIDERATIONS
At the time of this commit, all the project is functional except for the `Update clients` view/functionality. There is a skeleton/remains of code that would end up implementing this feature. So, for now you can only: create, see a list, see details or delete clients.
